Ben Gafford, Kevin Kim, Russ Haight 
Design Statement 
The intent of the series is to create a visual representation of the unpredictability and seeming randomness of life in a fixed environment. The curves are representative of the human struggle to find one’s own path and make one’s footprint on the world around us. 
There will be four sections to the background. The one with the white to red gradient symbolizes war and cruelty in our society. The bottom left section of the background symbolizes love. We used gradient color of purple to blue because purple and dark blue are cool colors. The marine colored section represents tranquility and peace of the ocean. We expressed this drawing using light blue because light blue is a cool color, and we employed a monochromatic effect to represent the ocean. The rainbow colored section signifies passion and enlightenment as the mixture of colors demonstrates cohesion of different sensations and ideas. 
The shapes in each quadrant symbolize the success and power of each region. Only a few curves manage to cross the shapes and when they do it is only temporary. The lines created meander aimlessly between these separate components of life, all with a unique path, hoping to one day cross the threshold of success and power. The different shapes in each quadrant are symbolic of different structures of power. Some curves follow the footstep of the many, while some go down their own path. Some curves make a profound impact on the image as a whole while others go completely unnoticed. We expressed this using various brush types, length of curves, and amplitude of the waves. 
We purposely did not scale the red section of the background because as the world expands, peace, love, and passion increase while the war and conflict in our society remains constant. 
Technique Statement 
Our algorithm will be rooted with our function, image-series, which takes in an n, a width, and a height. It first creates an image using image-compute and a custom function which makes an image of width by height, with interesting gradients in each quadrant. This looks best at 600 * 400. 
This procedure will then call another procedure, fill-quadrant, 4 times that will call the functions to draw turtles and create a polygon near the middle of the quadrant. In the fill-quadrant function, a color will be picked from a list of 8 colors by generating a pseudorandom index using n and quadrant, and then using this as the index to select the color from the list. A similar technique will be used to select a brush from the 96 available brushes, select a number of lines to draw with turtles (up to 10) and the 7 different shapes, with 50 different side-lengths, that can be used in each of the four quadrants. This variation is then increased exponentially, as the program that draws the turtles creates a new pseudo-random value based off of the given n value, and changes this value recursively with each call. The turtles are drawn using a function which mimics the shape of a sin graph under certain parameters. It creates a sin function using a given amplitude, length, and number of waves. In this function, the number of waves (1-14) is decided in the turtle, as well as the amplitude (0-25). The wavelength is determined based off of the relative space in the image and the number of waves. Each of these turtles is also given a random-ish coordinate. If it starts facing down, then it has a variation of 275 different positions it can start in. If it starts facing to the right, then it has 175 different positions it can start in. 
The program to draw the shape near the center of the doesn’t add any more variety to the image, as all of its attributes are picked based of of its call from the fill-quadrant function. This is done using turtles and GIMP tools, making use of the image-select-polygon! function provided. 

